it is also possible to sort my fields and values in two different orders.
So,
for example,
I consort my values in a descending order by right clicking,
going to sort and then sort largest to smallest on this way off sort of my values and a
descending order for all the reasons here.
And I can also sort my reasons and in ascending order there currently sorted in ascending
order.
But to do that,
you read just right.
Click here and then go to sort and then sort a to Z.
You could also right click Go to sort more sort options and make sure you have the sorting
here are sending eight easy by reason and click OK,
so now I have my reason sorted in ascending order while my values are sorted in a this
sending order